# VintageModManager

VintageModManager is a Rust-based application designed to manage and organize mods for Vintage Story. This project aims
to provide a comprehensive solution for mod management, including features such as mod list parsing, auto downloading as
well as updating mods. 

## Project Status

**Note:** This project is currently under development and is not yet finished. Many features are still being
implemented, and the codebase is subject to significant changes. Contributions and feedback are welcome as we continue
to improve and expand the functionality of VintageModManager.

## Features

- **Mod String Encoding/Decoding:** Encode and decode mod strings using base64 encoding.
- **Mod Information Handling:** Parse and manage mod information from JSON data.
- **Mod Downloading:** Download mods from the Vintage Story moddb api.

## Project Structure

```
📦 VintageModManager
├─ .gitignore
├─ Cargo.lock
├─ Cargo.toml
├─ LICENSE
├─ readme.md
└─ src
   ├─ api
   │  ├─ client.rs
   │  ├─ files.rs
   │  ├─ mod.rs
   │  ├─ moddatahandler.rs
   │  └─ query.rs
   ├─ main.rs
   └─ utils
      ├─ encoding.rs
      ├─ logger.rs
      └─ mod.rs
```

©generated by [Project Tree Generator](https://woochanleee.github.io/project-tree-generator)

## Installation

To build and run the project, you need to have Rust installed. You can install Rust by following the instructions on
the [official Rust website](https://www.rust-lang.org/).

1. Clone the repository:
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/VintageModManager.git
    cd VintageModManager
    ```

2. Build the project:
    ```sh
    cargo build
    ```

3. Run the project:
    ```sh
    cargo run
    ```

## Roadmap

- [x] Implement interfacing with the Vintage Story moddb API
  - [x] Parsing data with serde
  - [x] Downloading of mods
  - [x] Basic querying of mods
- [ ] Implement mod updating
- [ ] Implement a GUI for the application
  - [ ] Implement some form of configuration file for the application
- [ ] Implement some form of caching for mod data, to reduce the number of requests made to the API

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a pull request or open an issue if you have any suggestions or
find any bugs.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more details.

---

**Disclaimer:** This project is a work in progress, and many features are still being developed. The current
implementation may not be fully functional, and the API is subject to change. Use at your own risk.
